The software provided herein is free for ACADEMIC INSTRUCTION AND
RESEARCH USE ONLY. You are free to download, copy, compile, study, and
refer to the source code for any personal use of yours. Usage by you
of any work covered by this License should not, directly or
indirectly, enable its usage by any other individual or organization.

You are free to make any modifications to the source covered by this
License. You are also free to compile the source after modifying it
and using the compiled product obtained thereafter in compliance with
this License.  You may NOT under any circumstance copy, redistribute
and/or republish the source or a work based on it (which includes
binary or object code compiled from it) in part or whole without the
permission of the authors.

If you intend to incorporate the source code, in part or whole, into
any free or proprietary program, you need to explicitly write to the
original author(s) to ask for permission via e-mail at
k2p@mail.cbi.pku.edu.cn.

Commercial licenses are available to legal entities, including
companies and organizations (both for-profit and non-profit),
requiring the software for general commercial use. To obtain a
commercial license, please contact us via e-mail at
k2p@mail.cbi.pku.edu.cn.

DISCLAIMER

This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF THE PROGRAM IS NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR
LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM
TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS)
